// WARNING.  THIS COMMIT IS ONLY FOR RESEARCH.  
TAKE NOTHING FROM THE LINES OF TEXT, AS I AM CERTAIN 
THEY ARE COPYRIGHT, AND ONLY HERE FOR RESEARCH.
THERE ARE JPEG FILES THAT ACCOMPANY
THIS TEXT WHICH ARE NOT MADE PART OF THIS FILE.
//

MULTIMILLIONAIRE COMPUTER WIZARD AND SILICON VALLEY INSIDER

- James Altucher -
Cracks the “Crypto Code”
… and can NOW predict which penny cryptocurrencies are set to jump 800% or more starting in the next 2–3 weeks

***The first one he targeted turned
every $25,000 into $1.8 million… 
Dear Reader,

James Altucher here…

If you’re thinking about investing in the cryptocurrency markets…

I’d like you to take a close look at this line of code pictured on your screen…

24-Cent Crypto
What you’re looking at is computer code I found hidden behind a new 24-cent cryptocurrency that’s about to go mainstream.

Now to you — and just about everyone else — this code probably doesn’t mean anything.

It appears to be nothing more than a bunch of random numbers and symbols.

But to a computer programmer like myself, this line of code is a DEAD GIVEAWAY that this new penny crypto could be about to skyrocket in price.

… in other words, this line of code represents a huge potential payday.

It’s the key to making money in the cryptocurrency markets… especially for folks who get in early.

How can I be so sure?

Because I noticed a very similar line of code embedded in a completely different cryptocurrency called Litecoin.

Litecoin
Since February 2015, the price of Litecoin has skyrocketed by an exceptional 18,820%.

Litecoin
That’s enough to turn every $1,000 invested into $188,200!

And it wasn’t just a one-time thing.

The fact is, it’s happened many, many times recently.

Practically EVERY time I’ve found a new crypto that soared in value… it was embedded with this particular line of code.

After spending hundreds of hours researching the crypto code… and watching many of these cryptos skyrocketing in price as a result…

I decided to do something radical.

I began beta testing what I’d discovered in REAL TIME using REAL MONEY!

The very next time this code appeared, in July 2015, I plunked down $25,000.

At the time, it seemed like a bold move…

But within 18 months, my initial investment had grown to over $1.8 MILLION!

That’s the kind of return every investor dreams about… a gain of over 7,000% in a matter of months!

Naturally, with that kind of success, I did it again.

Only this time, it was with a completely different digital currency.

… as soon as I saw the code appear, I invested.

880%
And just like before, I’m up… BIG TIME!

It took just three weeks… and I’m already sitting on an incredible return of 880%, with no signs of slowing down.

I can tell you — with 100% conviction — that what I’ve discovered is a special indicator that “telegraphs” the next cryptocurrency set to make a historic move.

And as far as I know, nobody else knows anything about this.

Not yet anyway.

It works just about every single time, without fail!

I’m talking about the ability to know — WEEKS in advance — which digital currencies have the potential to explode as high as 19,875%, 105,744% and even a rare 1,176,640%.

In other words, using my computer coding background…

Leveraging the same computer science expertise I used to help build HBO’s first website…

And the computer languages I mastered over the years, like C++ and JavaScript…

I’ve CRACKED the hidden “crypto code.”

And I’m telling you about this right now for a reason…

That’s because a new 24-cent cryptocurrency has just entered my radar…

The code is telling me it’s almost the perfect time to get in…

And I wouldn’t be shocked to see every $100 invested grow to $10,000… or more over time.

I’ll tell you everything you need to know about this code in just a moment.

But first, let me tell you a little bit more about what led me to this groundbreaking discovery…

It All Started When I Graduated With a Degree in Computer Science From Cornell in 1989…
Most people know me from my best-selling books: Choose Yourself, The Choose Yourself Guide to Wealth, Reinvent Yourself and The Power of No…

Books
… and my podcast — which has over 20 million downloads — where I interview people from my vast network of ultra-successful CEOs, millionaire entrepreneurs and celebrities.

People like business mogul and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban…

Shark Tank superstars Daymond John, Barbara Corcoran and Kevin O’Leary…

James & Shark TankJames & Daymond
And “larger than life” cultural icon Tony Robbins…

James & Tony Robbins
Among dozens of other hedge fund managers, political figures and world-renowned investors.

But what most people don’t know about me is that I’ve been a computer whiz ever since I was a kid.

Not to brag or boast, but I was a bit of a child prodigy.

I wrote my first computer program while in grade school.

And I became a nationally-ranked chess master when I finished high school, which allowed me to get into Cornell’s prestigious computer science program.

I spent all my years in college non-stop computer programming…

And after I got out of college, I went into graduate school for computer science and I gained a reputation as one of the best programmers in America.

At the time, the internet was exploding on the scene…

I became the only guy that many of the biggest businesses in the country trusted to develop their websites…

… companies like HBO, American Express, Time Warner, Disney and Sony…

But that was only the beginning.

Once I learned how to combine my computer coding skills with a bit of investing savvy, I really began making an enormous amount of money… millions and millions of dollars… …

For example:

I created a web design business in the late ’90s when almost nobody knew how to build a website, then I sold it for $15 million… just before the entire industry collapsed. (Most people had no idea the collapse was coming, but I saw it a mile away.)

Later, in 2006, I created a revolutionary website called Stockpickr that connected investors with similar portfolios so they could share ideas with each other. Nine months later I sold it to TheStreet.com for $10 million.

I made a 6,000% gain on a social media startup agency called Buddy Media with PayPal founder Peter Theil and billionaire entrepreneur Mark Pincus. (The company was worth less than $5 million when I invested. A few years later they sold it for $900 million.)

I was one of the original investors in a company called Ticketfly that is now one of the most popular ticket-buying platforms on the web. I cashed out at a 3,600% gain.

I even helped Mark Cuban back in the “Wild West” days of the internet, with a “crazy“ idea that turned out to be worth $5.7 billion — and the biggest acquisition Yahoo ever made.

My point is, I’ve made WAY more money investing in the tech industry than I ever have with my books and podcast.

But even after making millions as a tech investor over the past 30 years, I have NEVER seen an opportunity as big as the current cryptocurrency markets.

Day after day, the crypto markets are churning out huge winners.

Look at this snapshot I took from November 28…

Nov 28
And the very next day, on November 29…

Nov 29
The opportunity to make huge amounts of money is completely unprecedented.

Like I mentioned earlier, I’ve already made $1.8 million — with a single well-timed trade…

… a trade that I spotted months in advance thanks to my unique ability to read the code.

And the good news is, this is only the beginning of the cryptocurrency boom.

But I’ll tell you more about that in just a second.

As you can probably tell, technology has always been one of my biggest passions…

That’s why I spend hours a day talking to my friends in Silicon Valley and researching hot new tech trends.

You could even say that I’ve made a career out of capitalizing on niche ideas that are too “technical“ for the masses.

Ideas like Bitcoin.

I saw the potential of Bitcoin back in 2013 when it was barely gaining traction in the news.

In fact, I believed in it so much that I started one of the first-ever Bitcoin stores, where I presold my book Choose Yourself.

Take a look at this video of me talking about it on CNBC…

The Media Laughed at Me When I Said Bitcoin Would Skyrocket Back in 2013…



Wistia video thumbnail - ALR_CNBC_BITCOIN
While I was talking about all the reasons why cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin were certain to succeed, the media just laughed and mocked me.

I remember reading an article from CNN that claimed Bitcoin was “a big scam designed to enrich its shadowy creators.”

And another piece by Slate had the headline, “Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme — the internet’s favorite currency will collapse.”

Seems pretty ridiculous now, right?

What’s crazy is that even today, after Bitcoin has passed $18,000 apiece, many major media analysts are still convinced that cryptocurrencies are just a passing trend.

But just like every other major financial trend in history, the “talking heads” won’t realize the true potential of cryptocurrencies until it’s far too late…

… and any money that could have been made has already gone into the pockets of early adopters.

That’s why the opportunity I’m about to show you today is so incredibly valuable.

After making millions from obscure tech trends over the past 30 years, I can tell you with 100% certainty that this is only the beginning of the crypto surge.

And I now hold the key to generating large gains over and over again.

In other words…

The Bitcoin Spike That Just Turned Thousands of Average Americans Into Millionaires Is Only the Tip of the Iceberg!
And from what I can tell, almost NOBODY outside of my small circle of Silicon Valley hackers and hedge fund managers knows about which cryptos will boom and which ones will fall flat…

… because with cryptocurrencies, investing knowledge isn’t enough.

You simply can’t evaluate a digital currency like you could with, say… a stock or a bond.

Digital currencies don’t issue earnings statements…

There are NO 10-Ks to evaluate… there are NO P/E ratios, NO operating cash flow statistics and NO gross profit margins.

When it comes to cryptos, all of the critical information is baked into the code…

That’s how you can tell if it’s a legit cryptocurrency… or a total fraud.

And the truth is, there are now 1,324 cryptocurrencies on the market…

So believe me when I tell you 95% of them are complete scams…

Which is why most investors won’t make a dime on these new cryptos.

Only the people who know how to read the code will pick out the right currencies — at the right time…

… and stake their claim in what investors will soon call “the biggest financial event in history.”

Let me show you what I’m talking about… starting with a cryptocoin called Verge.

Verge
Chances are, you haven’t heard of Verge.

It’s a decentralized currency… intended to enhance privacy for folks when buying goods and services.

Essentially, they’ve taken the original Bitcoin blockchain and improved upon it by using multiple anonymity-centric networks such as Tor and I2P.

That’s a good start.

But here’s where it gets even better…

After analyzing the code behind this new crypto…

I Found One Line in the Code That Set This Crypto Apart From 95% of ALL the Other Digital Currencies I’ve Seen…
One Line of Code
You see, baked into the code is something that is vital to any TRUE FORM of money… and ensures that it can’t easily be manipulated or distorted.

In other words, this code indicated that Verge had huge potential to skyrocket…

Eventually people started catching on to the true value of this currency, and it went VIRAL.

Investors were clamoring for a piece of the action as the price skyrocketed 100%… 1,000%… eventually peaking at a 3,782% gain.

Most investors had no idea that this crypto would jump in price until it was too late.

But because I am well-versed in cryptos, I knew Verge was a great opportunity.

And anyone who had read the code would’ve been “tipped off” to the TRUE value of Verge before practically everyone else.

This information would have easily resulted in a grand slam for any early investor…

Enough to turn every $500 invested into $18,910…

Or every $5,000 into $189,100… in a matter of weeks.

But that’s nothing compared to another cryptocurrency called NEO.

NEO
This digital currency was trading for just 33 cents back on May 1…

If you had been able to dissect the underlying code behind NEO (like I can), you could’ve seen right away that it was a blockchain algorithm that improved upon Ethereum’s model.

But more importantly, you would’ve noticed the unique lines of code that indicated NEO was about to surge in value.

One Line of Code
All you’d have to do is plunk down a few dollars, and a few months later you’d be looking at a gain of 15,778%.

Talk about a windfall…

A tiny $100 investment in the early days of this coin would have landed you a tidy $15,678 profit.

And if you’d been bold enough to invest $5,000?

You would have added $788,900 to your nest egg — that’s over ¾ of a million dollars — faster than you can imagine!

Again, because of my unique background as a computer coder… I could’ve been tipped off — weeks in advance — simply by looking “under the hood” of this cryptocurrency.

It was basically the exact same line of code that I saw in Verge!

I couldn’t believe it…

Had I Discovered a Simple Indicator
That Could Tell Me Which Cryptos Would Boom, Weeks in Advance?
Naturally, I kept testing my theory.

The next crypto that piqued my interest was a self-regulated crypto community platform called Bitconnect.

After digging into the code, I identified the exact same indicator that I’d seen in Verge and NEO.

Bitconnect
And just like Verge and NEO, this crypto shot up in price, big time.

Bitconnect
In fact, it started at under 15 cents and shot up to $142.80…

… for a mindboggling 98,382% gain!

That’s enough to turn five hundred bucks into almost half a million dollars.

And a thousand dollars into almost a million…

Can you imagine that?

Having an extra million dollars in your bank account… simply because you followed through on a secret that practically no one else knows about?

It’s extremely gratifying.

As I’ve shown you, with my unique ability to analyze the underlying code behind new cryptocurrencies, I’ve personally made millions.

And looking back on some of the hottest crypto opportunities, I noticed this code was present in almost every play…

Using back-tested data, it’s the only way I’ve ever found to reliably and predictably secure huge gains in the crypto markets.

Of course, these are all examples of past trades.

There’s no way I’m going to promise you’ll make 1,000% plus returns on each and every crypto trade or that you’ll never see a loser.

And there’s no guaranteeing you’d be able to catch all of these trades.

I don’t have any trouble admitting that to you, just like I don’t have any trouble admitting that I’ve gone from dirt-poor and practically homeless to being a millionaire…

… and I can tell you from experience how life-changing that kind of money really is.

You can spend your time doing whatever the heck you want…

You can help out friends and family members…

Send your kids or grandkids to Ivy League colleges…

Buy all the expensive cars, boats and vacation houses you’ve ever wanted…

You can travel the world…

The possibilities are endless.

Having that kind of security for yourself and your family feels like a two-ton anvil has been taken off your shoulders.

But I’m letting my excitement get ahead of me…

At this point my mind was racing.

I knew that I was on to something truly amazing.

But I didn’t want to leave any stone unturned in my investigation.

So I spent the next several weeks analyzing the code behind dozens and dozens of these digital currencies.

Cryptos like Decred, OmiseGO and NXT…

And just as I suspected…

Every Single Time I Found a Crypto That Skyrocketed in Price…
It Was Accompanied by the
EXACT Same Line of Code
Again, here is the software code for Decred…

Decred
Over a three-month span, it shot up over 2,227%.

Decred
I found similar code embedded in the software of OmiseGO…

I found similar code embedded in the software of OmiseGO…

OmiseGO
Which exploded 3,924%…

OmiseGO
And again with a crypto called NXT…

NXTNXT
… which skyrocketed 1,493%…

And in each instance, just from one line of code, I could have accurately predicted that prices would go screaming higher.

Look, I could show you many more extraordinary winning examples…

But here’s the burning question you’re probably wondering…

What EXACTLY Does This Line of Code Mean? And Why Is It So Crucial for Cryptocurrencies to Have This Code Baked Into the Software?
To answer that, you need to understand a few basics about cryptocurrencies… and what ultimately gives them value.

You see, with paper money, there is absolutely no limit to how much money the “powers that be” can create out of thin air.

And the U.S. government has turned on the printing presses to the tune of over $3 TRILLION in just the past 10 years alone.

Take a look at this chart:

St. Louis Adjusted Monetary Base
You don’t have to be an economist to understand that all this money printing drives up inflation… and decreases purchasing power.

In fact, a $100 bill in early 1900 is worth a measly $3.50 today.

Purchasing Power
It’s insane.

And that’s what’s so great about legitimate digital currencies… like Bitcoin.

You see, one of the key elements to Bitcoin’s epic success is that there is a predetermined rate of inflation.

The creators capped the number of total Bitcoin units at about 21 million.

That’s it. That’s the maximum number of coins that will ever be in circulation.

It works out to roughly one Bitcoin for every 500 people in the entire world.

Not only that… but they can’t be altered or manipulated. Bitcoins can’t be forged or faked.

There is a limited supply… and it’s built right into the code!

Limited Supply
That’s why it’s so appealing… and why the price has gone from a fraction of a penny to over $18,000.

It adds a level of scarcity (and trust) that is fundamental to ANY form of money.

I can tell you with a straight face that if the U.S. dollar was a cryptocurrency… it would be viewed as a TOTAL SCAM.

The folks in control of the U.S. dollar can print as much as they want.

Not only that, but they can even hand out all this newly created monopoly money to whomever they want (which of course is typically “friends and family of the Fed”)…

But that’s certainly not the case with Bitcoin… which is one of the primary reasons that I fully endorsed this crypto back in 2013.

… and why I began accepting Bitcoin as payment for my best-selling book Choose Yourself.

The point is this…

For a Cryptocurrency to Be Successful Over the Long Term, It Needs ONE Critical Thing…
Fact is, many penny cryptocurrencies are rising and falling so rapidly it’s almost impossible to get in and out fast enough to make any real money…

Some of them skyrocket for a matter of hours or even minutes before investors start rapidly selling off their shares, causing the price to plummet back down to almost nothing.

It’s not uncommon to see charts like this:

Common Chart
That’s why I’m only focusing on a handful of legitimate cryptocurrencies…

I’m talking about cryptos that have a high probability of producing oversized gains for you as an investor…

… that won’t shoot up in price only to drop back to a record low a few minutes later.

Of course, as with all investing, nothing is guaranteed. These investments are volatile, and it’s not always a straight shot up.

But the good news is, there’s one dead giveaway that immediately indicates whether a crypto has the potential to succeed in the long run…

And I can see it within a matter of minutes after looking at the code behind the crypto.

Put simply, in order for any cryptocurrency to be successful over the long term, the rate of inflation MUST be included in the code!

It MUST be in limited supply.

If it’s not, it’s more than likely a TOTAL SCAM.

It’s as simple as that.

That’s why so many of these cryptos jump in price and immediately fall lower than ever before.

And that’s why most investors won’t make any money in the crypto markets.

But when you have the ability to find the right code that limits supply… you have an unbelievable opportunity to get rich.

And when you can identify this critical element WEEKS before anyone else… you have an unbelievable opportunity to cash in!

Take, for example, a cryptocurrency called Dash.

After analyzing the code, I could immediately see that it limits supply:

Dash
And look what happened to the price:

Dash
It’s up 3,414%!

Or how about FastCoin…

Here is a critical line of code:

FastCoin
And the price has shot up as much as 19,900%:

FastCoin
It works again and again. Over and over.

Of course, this information becomes public knowledge eventually…

But using my computer engineering background, I can discover it before practically everyone else.

Now the Truth Is, This Isn’t the ONLY Thing That Dictates if a New Cryptocurrency Is 100% Legit…
Although this line of code is absolutely vital for any cryptocurrency to succeed, it’s not the only thing that matters…

There are three very specific criteria I look for when evaluating potential investments in the burgeoning digital currency market.

The first thing I find out is whether or not the cryptocurrency has a legitimate “use case.”

In other words, I need to know if it actually solves a problem, or moves the crypto technology forward.

This is a huge factor in determining its long-term success, because I know that once it catches on, investors will stick with it past the initial price spike.

The second thing I look into is the background of the creators of the currency.

If I can confirm that the team behind the crypto has a solid track record, I know that they aren’t a bunch of scam artists looking to make a quick buck.

Then I take a look at the underlying blockchain technology…

That way I can tell whether a cryptocurrency is operating on a pre-established network, or if they’re trying to create their own from scratch.

The final and most important step in my screening process involves looking through the code to see if it has a supply cap like I showed you earlier.

If a crypto meets all four of these criteria, I know it has a huge chance of being a winner.

And all that’s left is to plunk down a few bucks and wait for it to skyrocket!

This process has already helped me to personally rake in millions of dollars.

And there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that it will make me millions more.

Look… I’m gonna give it to you straight.

I’ve just “spilled the beans” and given you everything you need to know for making huge amounts of cash in the red-hot cryptocurrency markets.

You could take the knowledge I’ve just handed to you… and figure out everything for yourself.

Sure, it would take hundreds of hours studying code… reading books… taking online courses… and perhaps making mistakes along the way.

Or…

You could simply let me do all the work for you.

The choice is now yours to make.

Which brings me to the reason I’m writing you today…

Introducing: Altucher’s Crypto Trader
The only service in the world that shows you which cryptocurrencies could skyrocket 3,782%… 15,778% and even a rare 98,382% weeks in advance!
ACT
You see, I’ve scoured my contact list for a small group of highly talented experts to help me find and evaluate every new cryptocurrency on the market…

It’s the only service that gives you exclusive access to the cryptocurrency picks I make using my proprietary crypto screening system…

… the same system that has already made me millions of dollars and allowed me to predict with extreme accuracy which cryptos would skyrocket, weeks in advance!

But it gets even better…

I’ve scoured my contact list for a small group of highly talented experts to help me find and evaluate every new cryptocurrency on the market…

And I’m extremely proud to announce that I’ve managed to snag one of the leading crypto analysts in the world as my chief of operations.

In fact, you may have heard of him.

His name is Kamal Ravikant.

Kamal Ravikant
And I chose him — out of all the millionaire investors, hedge fund managers and computer coders on my contact list — for a very specific reason…

You see, Kamal isn’t just a phenomenal crypto analyst…

He’s also an extremely connected venture capitalist in the “technology capital of the world,” Silicon Valley!

Between the two of us, we have connections to nearly every successful hedge fund manager and venture capitalist from Silicon Valley to Wall Street.

So you’re not only getting the benefit of our combined experience in the cryptocurrency markets…

You’re getting all the “insider” information that we glean from our vast network of contacts.

In other words, you’ll be “in the know” about every hot new crypto that emerges — before the public ever catches wind of it!

You’ll instantly get access to the best crypto research and opportunities on the planet…

Without having to do hours of painstaking research.

And the best part is…

I Designed This Service to Be So Straightforward and Simple That Literally Anyone Can Use It!
Look, I didn’t create this service for computer hackers and nerds.

I created it so that ordinary people would have the opportunity to cash in on the massive crypto explosion that’s happening right now…

Even if you’ve never purchased a cryptocurrency in your life…

Even if you don’t have a lot of free time…

And even if you don’t have any computer savvy…

Kamal and I will find at least two moneymaking crypto plays each month, and we’ll send you an email with exact instructions telling you how to make the trade.

We’ll tell you which cryptos to buy, the best buy-in price and when you should sell them for maximum profits.

That way you don’t have to worry about throwing money at every bright shiny crypto that hits the markets, like all the other speculative investors…

You’ll have two professionals — with PROVEN track records — guiding you every step of the way!

But that’s not all.

The truth is, there’s FAR more profit opportunity in the crypto markets than most investors realize…

And our goal with Altucher’s Crypto Trader is to put every one of those opportunities at your fingertips.

For example:

Profit Opportunity #1:
Investing in the BIG Winners
The most obvious way to profit from cryptocurrencies is to invest in the cryptos that are the most likely to succeed in the long run…

These are the currencies that are truly innovative and useful.

The good news is, Kamal and I have already done all of the hard work for you.

We’ve scoured through just about every cryptocurrency on the market…

And we’ve found a small handful of cryptos that we believe have the potential to explode for six-figure gains, just like the examples I showed you earlier.

Our research shows that these cryptocurrencies fit our criteria perfectly…

They have a legitimate use case…

They have credible creators with promising backgrounds…

They are backed by solid blockchain technology…

And most importantly…

They include the one line of code that tells me that they have the potential to skyrocket!

In just a moment, I’d like to send you the names of these currencies with a description of each one.

But it gets better…

Profit Opportunity #2:
Crypto Arbitrage Plays
Altucher’s Crypto Trader will also show you how you can take advantage of what I like to call “crypto arbitrage plays.”

In short, Kamal and I will constantly be on the lookout for opportunities to make quick gains on cryptocurrencies that become undervalued due to external circumstances…

So you’ll have the opportunity to snatch them up for pennies on the dollar before the market has a chance to adjust.

We’ve already seen massive opportunities to make money with this in the past.

For example, back on December 6, 2016, Ethereum became undervalued thanks to what most cryptocurrency experts call the“Ethereum fork.”

(Basically, the coin’s user base had a disagreement about the future of Ethereum, and a bunch of them split off and created their own version of the currency.)

Ethereum was down big time…

But if you’d have been able to run Ethereum through my unique screening process, you would have known that it met all four “success” criteria…

It had a phenomenal use case…

It was based on highly innovative blockchain technology…

It was created by a great team…

And it included the one line of code that basically guaranteed it was a legitimate currency.

Taking all of this into account, it was no surprise that half a year later it bounced back for a gain of 6,614%…

Meaning any investor that had the foresight to invest just $1,000 in Ethereum would have walked away with $66,410, just months later.

What most investors don’t realize is that “arbitrage” opportunities like this pop up all the time…

And when they do, Kamal and I will make sureAltucher’s Crypto Traderreaders are the first to know…

There’s more…

Profit Opportunity #3:
Initial Coin Offerings
If you’ve been following the news about cryptocurrencies, you’ll know that there’s a tremendous amount of profit potential in “ICOs.”

This is basically where the creator of a coinor token offers it for sale to the public for the first time.

It’s just like an initial public offering, but for cryptocurrencies.

What’s great about these ICOs is that they give you the chance to invest in new coins before they start to catch the attention of the public…

And since the first people to hear about these ICOs are “insiders” and tech geeks like Kamal and me…

You’ll have the opportunity to grab these coins for almost nothing, before they ever hit the markets!

Now, not all ICOs do so well — or work out at all. These are for risk capital, so this is one corner of the market that’s best suited for speculators.

But what’s great is that during an ICO, many cryptos trade for just a tiny fraction of a penny.

So even if you invest a small sum of money, the crypto only has to go up by a few cents for you to see a MASSIVE gain when it hits the markets.

Here’s an example of what I mean…

OneCrypto Trade Turns $500 Into $97 Million in a Matter of Months…
This is a cryptocurrency called Digicube, and back in April 2017 it was trading for $0.00001.

Digicube
Five months later, on September 18, it was worth $2.31…

Now, I know this crypto might not seem like a huge winner at under $3 apiece…

But considering how cheap it was starting out…

Early investors would have had the chance to pocket a mindboggling 19,576,171% gain!

Enough to turn every $500 into $97,880,855…

Now, obviously this is an extreme case…

But it’s easy to see how so many people have become extremely wealthy with tiny investments in cryptos when you look at examples like this.

That’s what’s so great about the opportunity that you have in the crypto markets today…

You only need a small investment and you could literally walk away with millions in a matter of weeks!

Of course, gains like these are rare, and past performance doesn’t guarantee future results.

But if you want the best chance at capturing truly spectacular gains like these, you just need to know which cryptos have the greatest potential to skyrocket…

That’s where Kamal and I can help.

Like I said earlier, we already have another 24-cent crypto on our radar…

We’re currently digging into this crypto, and if it meets all of our criteria, our Altucher’s Crypto Trader readers will be the first to know about it.

Based on what we’ve seen so far, I’d be shocked if it doesn’t see a massive price spike in the coming weeks.

But this pick is only one of the many opportunities you’ll have to potentially create a fortune in the crypto markets with this research service.

Kamal and I will be in constant contact with the developers of these cryptocurrencies…

We’ll be scouring through white papers…

We’ll be scanning through the codes of every cryptocurrency on the market…

And we’ll tell Altucher’s Crypto Trader readers everything we find!

Whether it’s a crypto that’s about to explode, a hot new ICO or a coin that is severely undervalued.

There’s just one caveat…

Unfortunately, I Can Only Share This Research With a Small Portion of My Readers…
Look, I’m going to be straight with you.

I’m only sharing this research with a VERY small portion of my reader base.

And I’m not just saying this as some sort of gimmick.

I just showed you how many of the hottest cryptocurrencies start out trading for a fraction of a penny.

And the fact is, if I shared this information with all my thousands of readers, we would BE the market.

That would eliminate profit potential for just about everybody…

That’s why I’ve decided to offer this groundbreaking service to only 250 of my readers today, on a first-come, first-served basis.

And I’ve designed this offer so that only the most serious “action takers” will have the opportunity to jump in.

The fact is, this project has taken a tremendous amount of time, energy and capital for my team and me…

I’d say it has been one of the most difficult endeavors of my life…

Of course, it’s been well worth it.

You’ve seen firsthand how it has the potential to easily turn a tiny $500 investment into a fortune…

So just know that it’s NOT cheap.

In fact, my publishers are insisting that unlimited access to Altucher’s Crypto Trader should carry a price tag of about $5,000.

But don’t worry…

I’ve worked out a special deal to ensure that you won’t have to pay anything close to that.

But I’ll tell you more about that in just a minute.

First, let me tell you about everything I’m including in today’s incredible offer.

FREE Bonus #1: Altucher’s Trader Crypto Handbook
Crypto Trader Handbook
When you sign up for Altucher’s Crypto Trader today, you’ll also get exclusive access to a special bonus that my publishers have dubbed Altucher’s Crypto Trader Handbook.

I like to think of it as a “no holds barred” guide to making a fortune in the cryptocurrency markets…

Inside I’ll tell you about the exact process I use to make money on cryptos, and how you can too.

You’ll learn:

 

What I like to call the “100,000% Crypto Secret”… and how it can multiply your profits in the crypto markets, starting immediately.

The #1 way to profit from the “data-ism trend” that is currently taking the world by storm. (Cryptocurrencies are just a single piece of a monumental shift in modern society. I’ll explain what this trend means to you, and how you can get out in front of it as an investor.)

I explain the driving technology behind cryptocurrencies — called the blockchain — which has far more applications (and huge moneymaking opportunities) than just currencies… I’ll show you how to profit.

The exact process I use to search through the code of each crypto. (This is the biggest advantage I have over other investors, and I’m handing it to you on a silver platter.)

Access to the “Ultimate Crypto Portfolio” that Kamal and I have painstakingly created over the past several months. (Based on our unique screening process, these cryptos have the highest probability of success.)

How it’s possible to make 6,614%+ using “crypto arbitrage plays.”

How to tell which ICOs have the highest probability to skyrocket, and which ones are almost certain to fail.

And much, MUCH more…

In this handbook, I’m giving you my exact model portfolio and everything you need to start making huge gains in the crypto markets, just weeks from now…

But that’s not all…

FREE Bonus #2: Crypto Masterclass
You see, rather than just leaving you with a book…

Video Series
I wanted to walk you step by step through the entire process… on camera.

So here’s what I did…

I used my contacts in New York to select four people who knew nothing about cryptocurrencies.

I put them in a room with me… and got the cameras rolling.

These are everyday folks just like you…

People who want to make a fortune from cryptocurrencies…

But don’t know how to get started.

I wanted to prove to you that anyone can do this.

I’ve recorded everything, and I’d like to send you this six-video masterclass for FREE.

I’ll personally “hold your hand” and teach you everything I know about how to make money from cryptos.

FREE Bonus #3: Unlimited Access to
Your Own Personal Crypto Trader Expert
I know that cryptocurrencies can be confusing if you don’t have a tech background like me…

And I’m not joking when I say we’re taking this project seriously…

That’s why we’ve decided to shell out a small fortune on an Altucher’s Crypto Trader expert to help you with any problems you may run into.

We’ll give you a number to call so you can reach an experienced representative anytime you want.

If you need help setting up your Altucher’s Crypto Trader customer account…

If you have a question about when to expect the next issue…

If you want more information about accessing our model portfolio…

He’ll be there to explain everything over the phone.

Of course, he’s not allowed to give you personalized advice about any of our recommendations. But he would be happy to answer any questions you have about your subscription.

FREE Bonus #4: VIP Tickets to Our “Crypto Millionaires” Conference
I’ve told you about our combined network of tech innovators, entrepreneurs and crypto analysts…

What you might not know is that we’re a VERY tight-knit group.

We sometimes meet up and talk about wealth-building ideas and innovations in the tech industry.

There are people who would pay a lot of money to be a fly on the wall during those conversations…

But few ever get the opportunity.

I’d like to offer you that chance.

So, if and when we decide to hold a cryptocurrency conference…

I’m going to hold a VIP backstage ticket in your name.

VIP Ticket
Again, this perk alone could be worth THOUSANDS of dollars.

But it’s yours free when you sign up for Altucher’s Crypto Trader today.

FREE Bonus #5: Access to the World’s First All-Encompassing Crypto Site
I’ve commissioned my team of web developers to do something a bit crazy.

We are creating the world’s first-ever “comprehensive” crypto website.

I won’t spoil too much, but I can tell you that it will include a few extremely useful tools to help you understand the crypto markets…

You’ll also have access to my proprietary “crypto allocation”, which will recommend exactly how much of your portfolio to invest in each crypto for the maximum chance at success.

(Of course, it’s up to you to make the final determination of what’s right for your situation, but I believe this model is the best first step.)

Plus, you’ll be able to view my six-video series containing everything you need to know to get started investing in cryptos…

As well as the handbook I mentioned earlier.

Remember, you’ll receive ALL of this absolutely free as part of your Altucher’s Crypto Trader subscription.

We’ll send you an email with login instructions as soon as the site is up.

There’s Just One More Thing I Haven’t Told You Until Right Now…

This Service Comes With a 1,000%+ Guarantee…
Considering the nature of this service…

Considering just how small many of these cryptos are starting out…

And considering how much work Kamal and I have put into it…

I simply can’t offer refunds.

But I’ve worked out something that I think you’re really going to like.

Remember how I told you that my publishers are pushing for a $5,000 yearly fee for this service?

Well, for a limited time — and for only 250 people that respond today — I’ve convinced them to let this service go for only $2,000.

That’s a $3,000 discount, just for taking action immediately.

I believe that this service can help my readers make millions of dollars.

After all, just one good $100 crypto investment could easily turn into a five- or six-figure landslide.

And considering how much research we’ve conducted to find these cryptos, I believe we’ll identify dozens of opportunities to cash in on in the crypto markets in the coming months…

You could easily make your money back with a single $100 investment.

In fact, I’m so certain that you’ll be able to see a massive gain on your money, I’m willing to do something radical…

I’d like to personally guarantee that anyone who subscribes to Altucher’s Crypto Trader today will have the chance to grow their money by a minimum of 1,000% in the next 12 months.

That means within the next 12 months, I’ll show you how to turn every $1,000 invested into AT LEAST $10,000…

And every $10,000 into at least $100,000.

If I don’t fulfill on that promise, per my track record, all you have to do is call my friendly Baltimore-based customer service team, and they’ll give you another year of this service for FREE.

Frankly, I think a 1,000% gain is an extremely conservative estimate based on all of the gains you’ve seen today…

But I want you to have complete peace of mind when you pull the trigger and join this service.

A Once-in-a-Lifetime Opportunity
for 250 People Today…
If you’ve read this far, I’m going to assume that you understand the wealth-building potential of cryptocurrencies.

The evidence is undeniable…

People are becoming overnight millionaires by staking an early claim in these cryptos.

And that’s great.

But there’s a much bigger picture that most people still don’t see.

The truth is, cryptocurrencies are NOT just a hot new investing trend that will be replaced in a year or two…

They’re NOT a technological novelty that will lose its appeal like a new smartphone…

And they’re definitely NOT just a speculative “bubble” like a lot of people seem to think.

They are literally the next step in the evolution of money.

Just as gold replaced bartering and paper money replaced gold…

Cryptocurrencies are destined to replace our current monetary system on a global scale…

And it could happen much sooner than most people think.

We’ve been using the same flawed currency system for over 5,000 years…

A system that allows a small group of people to manipulate the money supply for their own needs…

We’ve been waiting for something better, and now it’s here.

The bottom line is, I’ve spent the past 20 years speculating about the future of technology.

And my track record has been good enough to earn me multiple millions.

So believe me when I tell you we’re about to witness the biggest “boom” in history…

The roaring ’20s…

The mining stock boom of the ’70s and ’80s…

And even the dot-com boom that made me $15 million personally…

These will all look pitiful compared to what we’re about to see in the cryptocurrency markets in the coming months and years.

You don’t have to believe me right now, but mark my words…

This transition is going to mint more millionaires than any other event in history.

The signs are already there.

Businesses all over the world are beginning to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment.

Countries are incorporating it into their current monetary systems…

There are already over 1,000 Bitcoin ATMs in the United States alone.

All across Asia, 260,000 retailers are now accepting cryptocurrencies as official forms of payment for all kinds of goods and services.

It’s only a matter of time before big retailers like Amazon, eBay and Walmart start accepting these cryptos.

And we’re lucky enough to be alive as it all unfurls.

Even better, we’ve now got a system for making money over and over again from what could eventually be a $150 trillion market!

To Sum Up, Here’s Everything You’ll Receive With This Offer:
Exclusive access to the hottest crypto picks Kamal and I make using our proprietary screening system
FREE Bonus #1: Altucher’s Crypto Trader Handbook
FREE Bonus #2: Six-video crypto masterclass
FREE Bonus #3: Your own personal Altucher’s Crypto Trader Expert
FREE Bonus #4: VIP tickets to our “Crypto Millionaires” conference
FREE Bonus #5: Access to our proprietary crypto website
Fam Shot
This Is Your Chance to Turn
$500 Into a Fortune…
By now it’s clear how much potential cryptocurrencies have to make you a tremendous fortune, starting with a tiny initial investment.

I’ve shown you dozens of examples of cryptos skyrocketing in the past…

I’ve told you about the exact process Kamal and I have already used to rake in millions from the crypto markets…

And I’ve explained why I can only let in 250 of my readers today.

This could be your only chance to get access to the insights from our proprietary crypto screening system.

Remember, a new 24-cent crypto has just hit our radar, and we believe it could explode 10,000% or more in the coming weeks…

We’ll send you the details as soon as we’re 100% certain of its legitimacy.

To ensure that you don’t miss out on this massive opportunity, you simply must click on the button below right now.

I look forward to hearing from you today.

James Altucher
James Altucher

December 2017

SUBSCRIBE NOW
(You Can Review Your Order Before it's Final)

P.S. Remember, my publisher has agreed to offer a substantial $3,000 discount on this service to the first 250 people that respond today. But you MUST act now, or risk losing out on this massive opportunity forever.
